Yikes!
Whoever made that
sculpture should have
his art license revoked!
(chuckling)
That's no sculpture,
you stooge!
It's a machine!
And it's jam-packed
with Numbers I made!
Those cards are all fakes?
As fake as your personality!
But once they're unleashed,
they will bridge
the human world
with Barian World!
And the complete and utter
destruction of Astral World
will finally be set in motion!
(laughing) (chuckling)
That plan sounds insanely
over-the-top...
which is why I love it so much!
Thank you!
As my fiendish flunky,
you'll spread my fake Numbers
among the humans!
And while you're at it,
you'll snatch Kite
and Shark's real Numbers!
I'll get them!
That's a promise!
(grunting)
You'd better keep
that promise...
or else!
(Heartland struggling)
I... swear!
I may have tolerated
your failures before,
but that time has passed!
Is that understood?
If I don't get those Numbers,
you can turn me back
into a fly!
I'll do worse than that!
(shimmering)
Aah!
(grunting)
But if you break your
losing streak and succeed,
the reward will be priceless!
How would you like to become
one of the seven
Barian Emperors?
You'd make me an emperor?
Yes.
At last, my dream job!
But you only get your payoff
once Astral World
goes down in flames!
Now, let's get things started!
Eyes to the skies, humans!
It's raining Numbers!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(crowd muttering)
Those look like cards!
(Crowd)
Why are they glowing?
Quick, grab one!
Get it!
Quick!
Grab it!
Can we keep 'em?
(crowd muttering)
Oh!
We should grab them.
(growling) (groaning)
(growling)
(Don Thousand)
The Barian Assimilation
is proceeding without a hitch.
(Vector)
But we still have to find
the Numeron Code.
The power of that card
is critical to our plan.
True, but once Astral World
is destroyed,
there will exist no one
strong enough to challenge me!
(laughing)
(Man) We have breaking news.
People around the world
are losing their minds!
Welcome to Freakopolis.
If this keeps up, the whole
planet could fall into chaos.
It's spreading everywhere as if
it were some kind of infection.
What could be causing it?
All this chaos is the result of
people picking up Number Cards!
(all) Number Cards?
(Trey) See for yourselves.
How people got the Numbers
is a mystery.
But based on my estimates,
there's a card for every
person on earth.
Are you sure you
didn't miscount?
Whoever is behind this...
Are experts in mind control.
The Barians.
Right.
Listen up!
Has anyone here found
a Number card recently?
No!
I haven't seen any.
Me either.
(Trey)
Hey, guys, I'm picking
up something...
Looks to me like
Quinton's skyship!
Do you think they'll know what
happened to Yuma?
I haven't been able
to make contact with them,
so I'm not sure.
(Bronk)
The portal exploded, so Yuma's
stuck in another dimension.
How could you let that happen?
(Cathy) You have to fix it!
You just have to!
I cannot.
(sighing)
But wait!
That means Yuma
could be trapped there forever!
Trapped forever?
How horrifying!
(crying)
You had one job,
one simple job...
Keep the portal open!
And you couldn't even do that?
Quit flippin' out, Flip.
Relax!
Yuma's been in trouble
before, Cathy.
And no matter what,
he always pulled through.
You really think he'll come
back?
Even if he's trapped
in another dimension,
Yuma will find a way home.
Yeah!
And he'll bring Astral
back, too.
(grunting)
Mm.
Au contraire!
(Heartland)
Sorry to rain
on your parade,
but you can forget about Yuma.
Heartland!
(all grunting angrily)
I'm afraid he won't be making
any encore appearances,
'cause he and Astral
are gone for good this time!
Now, come on out and say hi!
(Heartland)
We're all reunited at last.
I'm thrilled to see
you all again,
but I'm guessing you may
not be as thrilled to see me.
Am I right, Kite?
You'll find out!
Get down here!
First things first.
I have something to show you.
Huh?
(energy crackling)
(Bronk) Whoa!
I didn't see that
in the weather forecast!
On with the show!
Hit the lights!
(crowd)
Barian! Barian! Barian! Barian!
(energy shimmering)
(grunting)
(all grunting)
I can't move!
Yeah, me too!
That light storm is twisting
the laws of physics inside out!
As far as I can tell,
it's creating a gateway
to Barian World!
A gateway?
So that's what
all this is about.
The Barians must be trying
to connect
their world to our world.
Yeah, totally!
It's lucky for you guys
I tracked you down.
We can watch the
Barian-pocalypse together!
(chuckling)
How did you manage to trace us
to this location, Heartland?
The Barians sent a bazillion
Numbers to this world,
and I zeroed in
on the one here.
Here?
These Barian Numbers can be
quite captivating.
Humans find them irresistible.
I mean, who can resist picking
up a powerful Number card?
And once one's been picked up,
I get to know exactly
who picked it up
That's how I found
you unfortunate fools.
Somebody here must
have picked up
one of those Numbers recently!
Okay, who is it?
One of you found a Number
and lied about it!
I told you, I don't have one!
Me either.
Or me!
(sighing anxiously)
Do you have one, Flip?
Ugh.
Thanks a lot.
But why, Flip?
When I saw it falling
from the sky,
I just had to take it!
It's as if the card
was calling out to me.
I didn't know it was evil!
I didn't know it would
bring Heartland here!
You would have picked
it up too, admit it!
It's just, with
a powerful Number,
I thought I could help!
Instead, I just made
things worse!
Speaking of worse,
the people of this world
are about to be absorbed
by Barian World.
Doesn't get much
worse than that, does it?
(laughing)
All those who picked up Numbers
will be transformed into
dark energy particles
that will then be slurped up
by our newly-created gateway.
The amassed energy will be used
to allow Barian World
to consume this world!
Imagine, your world will
become just like
Barian World, and you'll
all be little Barian puppets.
(shimmering, cracking)
You're the puppet!
I bet the Barians haven't
even told you their endgame!
Hmm, wanna bet?
It's obvious where
this is going!
The Barians want to drain
all power from this world
and use it to wipe
Astral World out of existence.
That's what the Barians
are always up to.
Excuse me, I was talking!
What we're really planning
is, uh, er...
pretty much what Kite said.
(gasping)
(all gasping) No!
Your little buddy's time is up
but I promise
it's for the best.
Ciao.
(all screaming) Oh!
Flip, come back!
Ah!
(Flip)
Guys, what's goin' on?
Help me!
Keep it chill, guys.
Before you know it, you'll all
be assimilated in the same way.
It won't be too painful.
And since you won't be needing
your Numbers
where you're going,
feel free to turn them all over
to your best bud,
Mr. Heartland.
If you want them, you'll
have to take them from us!
If you insist.
I wouldn't have it
any other way.
Go, Photon Transformation!
It begins!
I once made you a Number Hunter,
but now you're going to become
the hunted, Kite!
(both) Let's duel!
(electricity crackling)
(grunting)
This should jolt you
back to reality!
(laughing)
Since this world is slowly
transforming into Barian World,
this duel will be just
like dueling
in a Barian Sphere Field.
So your mind and body are in for
quite the workout.
Trust me, this bout
will be much more painful
for you than for me.
(chuckling)
Why don't we let our cards do
the talking, Heartland?
In that case, my deck's going to
dominate the conversation.
I'm volunteering
myself to go first!
To get things rolling,
I'll summon Infection Fly!
(growling)
Then I'll play
the spell card Multifly!
This spell can draw in
more flies
than a trash dumpster
full of rotten eggs!
So now I have a trio
of Infection Flies!
(both growling)
Now to use its special ability!
Infection Fly can double
the level of all my monsters.
He has three of those
bugs on his field,
so he can use that special
ability two more times!
Exactamundo!
My flies are all
abuzz with ability,
so I can level them up
again and again!
(laughing)
(grunting)
The only thing more annoying
than a bunch of bugs
is Heartland!
You know what's coming next,
don't you, Kite?
I'm overlaying
my three Infection Flies!
Get buzzin', guys.
With my fly guys,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Say hello to Number One!
(laughing)
Behold the most freakishly
fabulous fly of them all!
The king of the swarm,
Infection Buzzking!
How did he get a Number?
(all gasping)
(laughing)
You're speechless that
I have Number One.
But it makes complete sense,
since I'm number one too!
More like a zero.
(grunting)
You better watch
what you say, mister,
or I'm gonna start losing
my temper!
(chuckling) Excellent!
Summoning Number One
is the first step
in our Barian takeover.
(chuckling)
(Heartland)
In case you're
wondering, Kite,
this is the strongest
Number of all!
Your situation's hopeless,
so feel free
to beg for leniency now.
Not a chance.
Oh, you're so uncooperative!
All right, then,
No more Mr. Nice Guy!
Here goes!
My Infection Buzzking
can dump one of your monsters
into the graveyard!
And that's exactly what
I plan to do
to a certain prized
Number you possess.
What do you mean?
I'm referring to
the Number you took
from my partner, Scritch...
Ninja Shadow Mosquito!
Why'd you choose that one?
There's no need to explain,
because you're about
to find out the hard way!
(grunting)
Aah!
What a bummer!
Kite and his pals
thought they were hot stuff
when they seized those Numbers
from Heartland's henchmen.
What a shock to discover
those cards were fakes!
These fake Barian cards
intensify the negative energy
of any Barian Field!
(cackling)
The damage will be devastating,
even for someone
as tough as Kite!
(grunting)
(all gasping)
I scored a knock down!
(laughing)
(Kite)
(grunting)
What's going on?
Why do I feel weak?
It's only gonna get worse, pal!
(shimmering) Oh!
Who's signaling me?
What?
An urgent meeting for
all seven Barian Emperors?
(chuckling)
Now that you're worn down,
I'll let you take over.
It's brave of you to continue,
but it isn't very wise.
I'm determined to crush you.
I'll stop at nothing to win,
just like when I worked with
your father, Dr. Faker!
My father made some major
mistakes in his life.
But getting mixed up with
a sleazeball like you...
was his biggest!
(gasping)
Me, a sleazeball?
That's being generous.
Hyah!
I'm activating the Ritual Spell
Luminous Dragon Ritual!
I like where this is going.
Whoa!
If Kite's doing what I think,
then he's about to try
a Ritual Summon.
I don't think this
has ever been done before!
He's taking a huge chance!
I'm tributing Level 4 Photon
Chargeman from my hand!
(grunting)
Rise up, Paladin
of Photon Dragon!
(beeping)
But I'm not done because
I'm immediately tributing
my Paladin of Photon Dragon,
leaving me free to summon
my powerful Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon.
Here comes the monster more
savage than a supernova...
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Time to attack,
Galaxy-Eyes.
Show that Buzzking
what you're made of!
(laughing)
What's the point, Kite?
Only a Number can destroy
another Number.
Guess who knew that already?
Yikes.
Galaxy-Eyes's special
ability activates...
and both our monsters
are banished!
Wait, they're both banished?
And since your Xyz
Monster's gone bye-bye,
all its Overlay Units
go to the graveyard.
Now that the battle's over,
both our monsters return
to the field.
But the best part's not
over yet, Heartland.
My Dragon gains
500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit
your monster lost.
And without its Overlay Units,
your precious Number can't use
its most powerful
special ability.
Nooooooooo!
Gotcha, didn't I?
Huh?
Listen, Kite.
Your Galaxy-Eyes won't
affect my strategy one bit.
(scoffing) Duelists
have said that to me,
and they were always wrong!
Your turn!
Your dueling days
are numbered, Kite!
Whoever called
this pow-wow
pulled me away from
important business!
What's so serious
that you had to call
an emergency meeting
of the imperial council?
Huh?
Who's that?
You don't recognize me, Vector?
Huh?
Your voice sounds familiar.
I'm hurt that you could
forget me so easily.
No!
That couldn't be...
Marin!
If so, then
the other one must be...
Oh!
Nash?
But that's impossible!
He's really alive?
(chuckling) I draw!
Your fate has already
been sealed, Kite!
Don't believe me?
Then get a load of Buzzking...
(laughing)
as it activates
its special ability!
Once per turn, it can snatch
a Number from your graveyard
and use it as an Overlay Unit!
No way!
Your Shadow Mosquito will make
a perfect Overlay Unit
for my Buzzking.
(wincing)
Oh, not feeling well?
Best to rest, so I'll end this
as fast as I can.
I activate another one of
Buzzking's special abilities!
It uses an Overlay Unit to
destroy one card on your field.
(beeping) (energy crackling)
But wait.
If your destroyed card's a
monster, it gets even better!
Because then you'll
be taking damage
equal to its attack points!
Huh?
(laughing)
That's why I've chosen
to destroy Galaxy-Eyes!
No!
Kite will be hit with
4,500 points of damage!
And he'll lose the duel!
Do something, Kite!
No more life points for you!
I'm activating a trap card.
Prevent and Draw!
Damage to me is cut in half!
(energy crackling)
So your move won't be
enough to defeat me.
(shimmering)
Aah!
(grunting)
Poor Master Kite!
That card packs a punch!
When it hits Kite full blast,
it's gonna crush him completely!
Trey.
Quattro.
If you have any Numbers from the
Barians, rip them up right now!
They're dangerous!
(shimmering)
Huh?
Oh. Oh!
(all shouting)
I hate to see Numbers
go to waste.
If you don't want them,
I'll take them.
(shimmering)
That's right!
Yes!
Give your power to me!
(grunting)
It's not over, Heartland.
Prevent and Draw let's me
draw one card from my deck.
And I draw...
(groaning)
Kite, no!
Looks like he's done, so that
means I'm... the winner!
(Yuma)
You're celebrating too soon!
(all gasping)
Could that really be Yuma?
(dramatic music)
♪♪
Ah!
Oh!
I knew you'd come back, Yuma!
Yep!
We're back!
And ready to get in
on the action!
♪♪